
091433468 EH
25611102
350195
11/23/1992 12:00:00 AM
Discharge Summary
Signed
DIS
Admission Date :
11/23/1992
Report Status :
Signed
Discharge Date :
11/27/1992
PRINCIPAL DIAGNOSIS :
GASTROENTERITIS .
SECONDARY DIAGNOSIS :
UTERINE FIBROIDS .
RULE OUT MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION .
ALCOHOL AND COCAINE USE .
HYPERTENSION .
IDENTIFICATION DATA :
This is a 47-year-old black female with a history of multiple sexually transmitted diseases in the past , polysubstance abuse who presented with a one day history of abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting and chest pain .
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS :
The patient 's cardiac risk factors include hypertension , hypercholesterolemia and tobacco use .
The patient has no prior history of coronary artery disease .
The patient has had multiple prior sexually transmitted diseases and gynecological procedures .
On the day of admission , the patient awoke with nausea , emesis , abdominal pain and chest pain with shortness of breath .
The patient described the chest pain as an ache in the mid sternal area without radiation .
The patient had multiple episodes of emesis and dry heaves on the day of admission .
There was no blood or coffee ground emesis noted .
The patient also has a long history of alcohol use .
She has used intravenous drugs in the past but denied intravenous drug use for five to ten years .
The patient uses cocaine regularly .
She drinks approximately one pint of hard liquor every other day .
The patient 's last drink was on the day prior to admission .
The patient was brought to the emergency room by the EMT 's who found the patient in her bathroom vomiting .
In the field , the patient 's blood pressure was 150/80 , pulse 84 and there were no orthostatic changes .
In the emergency room , the patient was found to be afebrile .
Her exam in the emergency room was notable for marked cervical motion tenderness and left lower quadrant tenderness .
She was evaluated by general surgery who felt that there was no surgical abdomen .
The patient 's EKG showed new T wave inversions anteriorly .
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY :
1. Hypertension times 20 years only treated intermittently .
2. Polysubstance abuse .
3. Pelvic inflammatory diseases on multiple occasions requiring hospitalizations in 1976 and 1977 .
4. Syphilis , status post treatment with IM penicillin , 2.4 million units q week times three in 1970 .
5. Status post tubal ligation .
6. Dilatation and curettage .
MEDICATIONS :
None .
ALLERGIES :
ASPIRIN .
VIBRAMYCIN .
FAMILY HISTORY :
Positive for hypertension and positive for diabetes .
The patient 's father died of an unknown cause .
The patient 's mother has a weak heart .
SOCIAL HISTORY :
The patient lives alone , she is a widow .
She has six children .
She has had one sexual partner over the past six months with intermittent use of condoms .
She smokes two to three packs per day times 30 years .
The patient drinks one pint every other day .
The patient has a history of IV drug abuse and currently uses cocaine .
REVIEW OF SYSTEMS :
Negative .
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION :
On admission revealed an uncomfortable woman with occasional retching .
Temperature 98.9. Blood pressure 160/100 .
Heart rate 80 .
O2 saturation 98